#Cloning a GitHub repo onto your computer#

1) Fork the GitHub repo (must be signed into your own personal GitHub account). This copies the files from someone else's GitHub repo to your personal GitHub repo. Everything is only available online at this point.

2) Clone the GitHub repo on to your computer:
In Git:

    cd desktop 

#We did this to clone the repo onto your desktop, but you can clone it to where ever you like, just specify the directory after "cd"#

    git clone https://github.com/codeasmanuscript/sandbox.git
   
3) Move into newly copied cloned repository.

    cd sandbox

4) Set-up the GitHub repo as your remote (not your personal GitHub account, the other person's)

    git remote add upstream https://github.com/codeasmanuscript/sandbox.git
 

#If you make an error in this step like I did in class, it's easy to reconfigure your repo. Below is the code. You basically re-set the URL#

    git remote set-url upstream https://github.com/codeasmanuscript/sandbox.git


#You can use this code to check the name of your remote repo to ensure you've assigned the correct one#

    git remote -v
   
#Creating a biography text file and pushing to the repo#

    cd sandbox
    
    Notepad daiva-bio.txt
    
    git status
    #We did this step just to illustrate that the .txt file was untracked at this point#
    
    git add daiva-bio.txt
    
    git commit -m "added bio"
    
    git push
    #This pushes to your personal GitHub account. Not codeasmanuscript/Sandbox. You must create a Pull Request (PR) to request that your bio be merged with Sandbox#


#Pulling files from a remote Repo and Editing files with other people#

    git pull upstream master
    #Pulled the files from Sandbox to my computer#
    cd GPS-june-2015/
    #Changed to this directory to access hello.txt#
    ls
    #Listed contents of the GPS folder to see hello.txt was there#
    git add hello.txt
    #First I manually made a change to hello.txt then I tracked the file#
    git commit -m "changed hello file"
    
    git push
    #Pushed to my personal GitHub repo. Made a PR to request merge with Sandbox#

#Editing hello.txt with Nico and Reza#

    git pull upstream master
    #so they could get updated hello.txt on their computers#
    git add hello.txt
    #first we all made changes to hello.txt and tracked the file#
    git commit -m "illustrating a conflict"
    
    git push
    #Made a PR to attempt to merge with Sandbox, but conflicts were present#
    git pull upstream master
    #Pulled hello.txt file with conflicts# 
    git log
    #Read through log to see history of commits from Nico, Reza and myself#
    git status
    #Status tells me what conflicts exist. I opened hello.txt and fixed the conflicts#
    git add hello.txt
    
    git commit -m "resolved conflicts"
    
    git status
    
    git push
    #Created PR and was able to merge hello.txt to Sandbox now because conflicts were resolved#
    git pull upstream master

   
#How I outputted the codes from yesterday's workshop to this text file#

    history > history.txt
