Thoughts on the Git workshop --- 2014-11-07
===========================================

**Luke**:

I felt I was a bit too fast going through some of the commands and
concepts.  Daiva helped a lot with translating what I was saying to
the others and with redirecting me to go over a command again.

Next time, I will simplify things a bit more, include more
visualization of the filesystem (I took a pic on my phone of how I
explained it to Daiva).  I need to pause more and let them work things
out.  It is always so difficult knowing or trying to guess what the
attendees are thinking/feeling.

Some suggestions were to have the filesystem and the terminal
side-by-side, which is something I can easily and definitely
incorporate next time.

**Daiva**:

(Diava, you want to add some things here? How you felt it went,
suggestions for me, improvements overall etc.?)

**General**:

It would probably be a good idea to go over the GitHub repo, pushing
and pulling, as a form of a back up/sync across computers.  We might
need to do two workshops on this.

There was some confusion on understanding that SAS files are plain
text files.

It might be a good idea to go into staging vs working directory vs
commited.  Maybe for the second git workshop?

In general, this first workshop gave us some good indications and
experience with timing, attendee reaction and participation, etc.  I
think we really need to scale back our expectations as these things
take quite a bit of time.  For example, we were thinking of doing
macros and ods at the same time, but that might be too much...

**From feedback form**:

> Make the terminal text bigger, less confusing, less text.  Have the
> files and terminal side-by-side.  Have a summary of the commands
> used (NOTE: This is in the cheatsheet).  Hands on exercises and
> activities worked.  Have printed sheets to follow along.  A bit too
> fast.  See real-world examples.  Small group was good, more relaxed
> and more individual attention.  Timing of workshop (mid-afternoon)
> not always ideal.
